Documentation/operation docs rework (#3074)
scality/metalk8s: docs/operation/troubleshooting/general_kubernetes_resource_errors.rst

General Kubernetes Resource Errors
==================================

> Pod status shows **CrashLoopBackOff**

Reviewer: Title case for headings. Sentence case otherwise.
```suggestion
Pod status shows ``CrashLoopBackOff``
```
(unless this represents a GUI)

-------------------------------------

> If you notice that some pods are in a state of **CrashLoopBackOf**, it means

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If some pods are in a persistent ``CrashLoopBackOf`` state, it means
```

> that the pods are crashing because they start up then immediately exit. So,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that the pods are crashing because they start up then immediately exit.
```

Kubernetes restarts them and the cycle continues.

> To find out the potential cause of this error, run the following commands and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find potential causes of this error, review the output returned from the following command:
```

    Priority Class Name:  system-cluster-critical

Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) Stuck in **Pending** State
--------------------------------------------------------

If after provisioning a volume for a pod (for example Prometheus) the PVC still
hangs in a **Pending** state, perform the following checks:

#. Check that the volumes have been provisioned and are in a **Ready** state.

   .. code-block:: shell

      kubectl describe volume <volume-name>
      [root@bootstrap vagrant]# kubectl describe volume test-volume
       Name:         <volume-name>
       Status:
         Conditions:
           Last Transition Time:  2020-01-14T12:57:56Z
           Last Update Time:      2020-01-14T12:57:56Z
           Status:                True
           Type:                  Ready

#. Check that a corresponding PersistentVolume exists.

   .. code-block:: shell

      [root@bootstrap vagrant]# kubectl get pv
      NAME                     CAPACITY   ACCESS MODES   RECLAIM POLICY   STATUS  STORAGECLASS             AGE       CLAIM
      <volume-name>              10Gi       RWO            Retain          Bound  <storage-class-name>     4d22h     <persistentvolume-claim-name>

> #. Check that the PersistentVolume matches the PersistentVolume claim

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Check that the PersistentVolume matches the PersistentVolumeClaim
```

> #. Check that the PersistentVolume matches the PersistentVolume Claim

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Check that the PersistentVolume matches the PersistentVolume claim
```

   constraints (size, labels, storage class).

>    - Find the name of your PersistentVolume claim:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Find the name of your PersistentVolumeClaim:
```

>    - Find the name of your PersistentVolume Claim:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Find the name of your PersistentVolume claim:
```

     .. code-block:: shell

        [root@bootstrap vagrant]# kubectl get pvc -n <namespace>
        NAME                             STATUS   VOLUME                 CAPACITY   ACCESS MODES   STORAGECLASS          AGE
        <persistent-volume-claim-name>   Bound    <volume-name>          10Gi       RWO            <storage-class-name>  24h

>    - Check if the PersistentVolume claim constraints match:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Check if the PersistentVolumeClaim constraints match:
```

>    - Check if the PersistentVolume Claim constraints match:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Check if the PersistentVolume claim constraints match:
```

     .. code-block:: shell

>         [root@bootstrap vagrant]# kubectl describe pvc <persistevolume-claim-name> -n <namespace>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        [root@bootstrap vagrant]# kubectl describe pvc <persistentvolume-claim-name> -n <namespace>
```

(for consistency with the output below)

        Name:          <persistentvolume-claim-name>
        Namespace:     <namespace>
        StorageClass:  <storage-class-name>
        Status:        Bound
        Volume:        <volume-name>
        Capacity:      10Gi
        Access Modes:  RWO
        VolumeMode:    Filesystem

#. If no PersistentVolume exists, check that the storage operator is up
   and running.

   .. code-block:: shell

      [root@bootstrap vagrant]# kubectl -n kube-system get deployments storage-operator
      NAME               READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
      storage-operator   1/1     1            1           4d22h

Access to MetalK8s GUI Fails With "undefined backend"
-----------------------------------------------------

If you encounter an "undefined backend" error while using the MetalK8s GUI,
perform the following checks:

> #. Check that the ingress pods are running.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Check that the ingress controller pods are running.
```

> #. Check that the Ingress pods are running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Check that the ingress pods are running.
```

   .. code-block:: shell

      [root@bootstrap vagrant]#  kubectl -n metalk8s-ingress get daemonsets
      NAME                                     DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR                     AGE
      nginx-ingress-control-plane-controller   1         1         1       1            1           node-role.kubernetes.io/master=   4d22h
      nginx-ingress-controller                 1         1         1       1            1           <none>                            4d22h

> #. Check the Ingress controller logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Check the ingress controller logs.
```
